Remove duplicate information on citing (#141)
precice/fenics-adapter: README.md

To create and install the `fenicsprecice` python package the following instructions were used: [How To Package Your Python Code from python-packaging.readthedocs.io](https://python-packaging.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

> ## References & Citing

Reviewer: "References" has been added, but there is no reference to "references" in the text. I will make a suggestion for the text below.

Maybe we want to chose a slightly different name for this section?
```suggestion
## How to cite and further literature
```

> If you are using this FEniCS adapter, please refer to the [citing information on the FEniCS adapter](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#how-to-cite) and also consider the information on [the official FEniCS website on citing](https://fenicsproject.org/citing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using this FEniCS adapter and want to cite it, please refer to the [citing information on the FEniCS adapter](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#how-to-cite). You can find further literature related to the FEniCS adapter [in the adapter's documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#related-literature).

Citation information and further literature about FEniCS cac be found on the [official FEniCS website](https://fenicsproject.org/citing/).
```

> If you are using this FEniCS adapter, please refer to the [citing information on the FEniCS adapter](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#how-to-cite) and also consider the information on [the official FEniCS website on citing](https://fenicsproject.org/citing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using this FEniCS adapter and want to cite it, please refer to the [citing information on the FEniCS adapter](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#how-to-cite). You can find further literature related to the FEniCS adapter [in the adapter's documentation](https://precice.org/adapter-fenics.html#related-literature).

Citation information and further literature about FEniCS cac be found on the [official FEniCS website](https://fenicsproject.org/citing/).
```

Author: I think this is a duplicate of the suggestion from above, isn't it?

Reviewer: Seems like it. I do not know how I managed to to this. So please feel free to ignore this.
